Suggestion: Fixing a few broken links in the markdown version of the files and some light reorganization (#2994)
MirServer/mir: README.md

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

## Resources

> The Mir project website is <http://www.mirserver.io/>,

Reviewer: ```
$ curl --silent -LI http://www.mirserver.io/ | grep -i Location:
location: https://www.mirserver.io/
location: https://mir-server.io
```

HTTPS! And no `www.`.
```suggestion
The Mir project website is <https://mir-server.io/>,
```
